# Oxford (cs 220 myPlaces)
by Michelle Quin and Allyson Gerace


For our MyPlaces mobile webapp, we decided to explore the University of Oxford. For our color scheme, we went with a simplistic choice of blues, black, gray, and white. Since the purpose of our app is mainly educational (providing a guide to different aspects of Oxford, such as its various colleges and historical locations), we thought that using shades of blue for our interactive features would grab focus.

We chose to use darker blue on our immediate navigation bar, home and back buttons, and list items within our pages because clicking on them gives pertinent information. Less interactive features were assigned more de-saturated blues and gray (for example, the static alphabetized list of non-Wellesley colleges and the full thumbnail image page on Food and Drink). We used both black and white text depending on the background saturation to provide maximum contrast and readibility. For accessibility, we avoided reds and greens. We kept our color scheme constant throughout the various screens so that the user would retain the same experience throughout. We avoided using too many saturated colors so as to minimize confusion and distraction.

In terms of interactive features, we made our Colleges page a tree drill down, which expands to a list of either colleges Wellesley students can apply to or a list of non-affiliated colleges. We used a consistent navbar on each page so as to maximize accessibility; we placed the navbar on the bottom of the screen, and kept a home and back button consistently in the header. We chose these visual designs so as to give the user maximum ease of access -- she can always access any main page from the bottom of the screen (navbar), go to home (upper left corner), or go back to the previous page she was on (upper right corner).

We used an inline list on multiple screens, including home page, colleges, and social scene. Our food and drinks page was a full page list with thumbnail images that allows the user to see a thumbnail of the venue, a name/description, and address simultaneously. We made our Historical Places page collapsible content in order to provide quick information without having to navigate through multiple/new screens, since the Historical locations were quite text heavy. We used popups in our social scene and Wellesley-affiliated Colleges pages in order to make them less text-heavy, and so users could easily exit out of expanded information (logical progression from name of college/social venue to details).

We also implemented touch screen events by having a swipe image gallery in the main colleges page. The user can swipe left and right through a gallery of images of each Wellesley-affiliated college, getting a preview of them. We included an interactive map on the home page that consolidates the locations mentioned in all of our other pages; users can click on locations in the map to see their rating, a thumbnail image, and a link to the place's website. We made the non-Wellesley affiliated college page an alphabetical list, and included a dialogue box in Social Scene so that the user can interact with our webapp by providing suggestions of their favorite social spot. User feedback is immediately provided when the user clicks submit, as a confirmation box appears and the user can either cancel their submission or submit it. If they submit their suggestion, the dialogue box is reset. The dialogue box also contains placeholder text to prompt the user to make a suggestion.

Overall, we kept our visual design straightforward. We made all of our interactive feature shapes consistently similar (screen-wide rectangles), and labelled different features and pages clearly. We also made it clear what the user could interact with or not through our button-types and colors. All of our main pages and screens start off around the same length, and interactive features/lists follow a logical, intuitive progression so as to take away any potential confusion. We kept a back button on the top of the screen so that the user can easily reverse errors, and a cancel prompt for the confirmation suggestion box so the user can also reverse that error. We decided to have a home page that lists all of the main pages and has a map so as to have a central location that the user can always refer to.